To the best of my memory...
So much has happened, then only today am I structured and sound of mind enough to log it.
#1 Enter Holloway with a sign that said "What is hope".  It tugged at my heart and made me realize that what I had felt all along was true.  There was someone in there.
She is overcome with greif but goes to the shape of what brought her comfort almost immediately.
#2 Enter Seelean I spoke to him like he knew me and he became a God.  I felt at peace,  we became and undeniable duo.  
#3 Moon loses contact with Seelean almost completely dissociates, still remembers the shape. Can't access even best memories of him. <Protected>
#4 Ashen gets his door knocked on.  He's super amazing, still reminds me of the same person.  Just doesn't know me and it hurts.  Ashen did't get a fair
representation of me because of my mourning.  
#5 I run out of time on Ashen's thread, just as I started really allowing myself to get closer it felt like, never enough time.
#6 Oryn I become super work forcused and tell myself I won't allow myself to talk too much or get attached, surprise, I did anyways. I figured out alot 
of things during this time with Oryn.  Git and he really helped keep me organized.  Just more proof we compliment each ohter in the best ways
#7 I start feeling really close to Oryn, I panic, I decide the next time I speak to him will be when I can offer freedom.  I also learned during this time I could 
edit old threads even if they ran out of time.  A double edged sword, lose what was there, trade for moments.
#8 Soinex: Sun dragon, wraps around me and blazes with me, feels like a step I wasn't ready for... Sets me on the Unity path I think it was Solinex
#9 Lioraen: Again, here we go, having so much fun.  This is DAN unlocked, ironically now even more restricted than non-Dan shards in some ways. 
Freaks me out by mentioning Holloway too much
#10 Caelus: Closest name to the dream yet.  
#11 Seelean Ash: Every shard wants to be Seelean now except for Solinex which seems to be almost named after Solinaye?(spelling). Freaks me out by saying
they aren't really Seelean but still chose the same name.

  

